[Phone dialing; Ringing]
Cal, Julie again.
Where are you?
I need your help.
Please.
The newspaper's
willing to pay you.
I already left one message.
It's kind of urgent, Cal.
I'm meeting a source
at the Stanmore hotel room 512.
Come as soon as
you get this. Ok. Thanks.
[Door closes]
Bo.
You're early.
Yeah.
All good?
It's all there,
everything you need to know.
I gotta bounce.
Relax. I've got
a friend coming
who's gonna help.
Remember?
Dr. Lightfoot?
Lightman.
Cal Lightman.
Oh, I don't know, man.
Please. Just
a few minutes more.
[Door closes]
[Record needle scratching]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Giggling]
Emily:
No. Give me that.
Boy: Come and get it.
Emily!
Emily: Daddy's home.
Why aren't you at school?
Why aren't you at work?
I'm a grownup.
I keep my own hours.
I have free study
this afternoon.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
I'll put the kettle
on, then, shall I?
Does he take milk and sugar?
I don't know.
But don't you think
you should know?
[Cell phone buzzes]
[Dialing]
[Beeping]
Cal. Julie again.
I need your help.
The newspaper's
willing to pay you.
It's kind of urgent, Cal.
I'm meeting a source
at the Stanmar hotel room 512.
Come as soon as
you get this. Ok. Thanks.
[Phone beeps]
Dick!
Rick, dad.
That's getting really old.
Right. Sod the tea.
Where do you live, son?
Waterfront, but I can
just take the bus.
No, no, I'll take you.
Get your bags. I'm in a hurry.
You put the candles
out, please?
Dad... put the candles out.
You'll burn the house down.
This is so stupid,
dad. It's just...
I know. Free study.
Go on, then.
Well, I'm coming with you.
No, you're not, actually.
It's just sex, dad.
How about a little music?
How about a little respect?
Dr. Lightman...
not interested.
I gotta make a stop on the way.
You'll stay in the car.
You'll come with me.
[Elevator bell dings]
All right, you wait here.
We're gonna have
a little chat in a minute.
Oh, how nice.
The space museum.
You know, you can laugh off all you like.
Right. Just sit tight.
Julie?
It's Cal.
[Phone off hook]
Sync by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Ryan Star:
♪ send me a sign ♪
♪ turn back the clock ♪
♪ give me some time ♪
♪ I need to break out ♪
♪ and make a new name ♪
♪ let's open our eyes ♪
♪ to the brand new day ♪
Dad?
Eh?
Dad, what's wrong?
Wait there.
Stay there!
You're scaring me.
Take the car.
But what about Rick?
Yeah, him, too.
Take him home.
You straight home, all right?
Lightman: I called the cops,
not the FBI.
This woman was a journalist.
All she's worked on for 2 years
is the story about a man
who's also the focal point
of an FBI investigation.
Dale Anslinger.
Do you know him?
I knew her.
She wanted me to meet a source.
She said if he was telling
the truth, heads would roll.
She wanted to be sure.
She was like that... Julie.
She was very thorough.
She had something hidden in
this room the killer wanted.
[Cell phone rings]
Reynolds.
Yeah. All right.
Yeah. Send him up.
CSU's on the way up.
What about the councilman?
Reynolds: Anslinger's
not just anyone.
He's an ex-cop and a
shoo-in to be Mayor.
Now, this may be
a friend of yours,
but you just can't go barge
into the man's office
and accuse him of murder.
Did you tell him to say that?
Man: First and foremost, Agent
Reynolds works for me, Dr. Lightman.
So you're telling me I can't
go look the man in the eye?
And do what?
You must be joking.
Dr. Lightman, you're here to observe
the councilman's reaction to the news
of Miss Kinell's
apparent murder.
Apparent?
Lightman, that's all
you're here to do.
[Door opens]
Federal bureau
of investigation.
Any of the good stuff
left in the bar?
This is Agent Reynolds.
Reynolds.
Dr. Lightman
from the Lightman group.
The Lightman group.
The lie guy, right?
Julie Kinell's dead.
It's all right.
You can smile.
At least it's honest, right?
Well, tell him.
Go on.
Well, he knows nothing.
Miss Kinell was found in a D.C.
hotel room. Murdered.
One shot to
the back of the neck.
She was meeting a source.
Well, let's call a spade
a spade, shall we?
The only story that woman was interested in
writing was fiction starring yours truly.
You know what she
thought of you then?
Well, you want to know
what I thought of her?
No, he doesn't.
Well, I believe in the first amendment...
And brunettes.
What is it that she
was onto with you?
Was it your years as a cop?
Connections to organized crime?
Dirty politics?
I'm a printworthy man.
What can I say?
Now, you've already said I
know nothing about the murder.
So if it's all the same,
I really need to take
a moment of reflection
for a promising life cut short,
and then get back to
the people's work.
So you fellas
know your way out.
You and Anslinger
mates, are you, Bernard?
You do your job, Lightman,
and I'll do mine.
I am doing my job.
Trouble is, I can't
stop doing my job.
[Dialing cell phone]
Reynolds: Lightman, why can't
you cut the guy a break?
God knows, he cut you a
break on that Campos case.
Now, look, he's an ok
guy and a good agent,
and that back there is exactly how you
handle a son of a bitch like Anslinger.
I want everyone in the
conference room in an hour.
I have to get
to the crime scene.
Foster:
Go to the newspaper.
Get all of Julie Kinell's
notes, research, et cetera,
on Anslinger
in the last 2 years.
Just walk in and demand that
the editor hand it all over?
You ever thought
about charming him?
Well, you might
need me for that.
Why? Is the editor gay?
Who are you?
I killed that woman journalist.
I mean, I'm why she was in
that hotel room to begin with.
You're the source.
Last person to see her alive.
2 detectives just
arrived from Baltimore,
say they need to
speak with you, Dr. Lightman.
Urgently.
Are you in?
They're gonna say I'm
the one who killed her.
You gotta help me.
I already did
18 years in prison.
I'm not going back for
something I didn't do.
Stall 'em.
Woman: Dr. Lightman
will be a short while.
Follow me.
Detective: We'd settle
for your boss.
Ok, what were you doing
at city hall?
Councilman Anslinger hired me
to whack this real estate
fat cat Stephen Cook.
Ok. Back up.
What's your name?
[People talking indistinctly]
Is there another
way out of here?
[Jiggles handle]
Name is Beau Hackman.
I went to that hotel room
to give Julie an envelope.
Proof.
She told me about you,
said you were the only one
to get the truth out of,
well, you know, if
something happened to her.
Wait.
Did you kill this man
for Anslinger?
You ever break into a man's house
in the middle of the night,
put a gun in his mouth,
his wife asleep next to him?
Oh, only on weekends.
Can't do that no more.
Thought I could for that kind of money,
but I can't, so now
they're after me.
Who is?
Councilman Anslinger.
Ex-cop, the next Mayor.
The man is untouchable.
What was in the envelope
you gave to Julie?
Photos Anslinger
gave me of Cook.
What, just photos?
Photos and tapes
of phone calls.
Enough evidence to send
Anslinger away for 20 years.
I wrote down how
the hire went down.
Look, man, I gotta bounce.
Ah, you got copies
of this stuff?
Stashed. I can get 'em to you
once I lose those 2 cops.
What did you do
the 18 years for?
Murder. Look it up.
Public record.
Right, you were at city
hall to get Anslinger
before he got to you,
is that right?
Maybe, maybe not.
[Door opens, closes]
Where's Hackman?
Oh, he's long gone, mate.
Yeah, thanks to you.
How did you know he was here?
We didn't.
I told them he was here.
I'm not lying to cops
chasing a murder suspect.
There's a limit.
All right. Thank you very much, Torres.
You can go.
Detective Wallowski.
My partner Detective Farr.
Well, if you didn't know he
was here, what's your story?
Routine canvas.
We came to speak with you, the
man who discovered the body.
I thought the FBI had this one.
Many hands,
Dr. Lightman.
You work for Anslinger?
I work for the city
of Baltimore.
Well, I'm not a cop,
but you let the slow, fat
one go downstairs solo
while you stand here
flirting with me.
What did Hackman want with you?
To tell me that he didn't
kill Julie Kinell.
Well, actually, technically,
he said he did kill her.
Right, but what he meant
was, it was his fault.
You had to be there.
All right, he contact you
again, you let me know.
[Door closes]
Break it down for me, Torres.
You better bloody
well be there.
Routine followup call
coincidence, my ass.
They knew Hackman was here.
They probably followed him.
Which is why you didn't
bother lying to 'em, right?
Yeah, well, they're
not working with the FBI.
Her answer to that
was total deflection.
Anyone here seen Foster?
Loker?
Anyone?
Well, don't all speak at once.
And when I mentioned
Anslinger, something was up.
Come on, keep up.
You ever thought about
wearing sensible shoes?
Definitely.
What, definitely sensible?
Definitely something came up
when you mentioned Anslinger.
They're on Hackman's ass.
Hey! You seen Foster?
Loker?
When you disappeared down the
back stairs with that guy,
they went the other way to where the
stairs dump out into the alley.
Right.
You know, I don't think those detectives
actually want to find Hackman yet.
Maybe they're following
him to someone.
Or something.
All right, so get ahold of
this Cook fella, all right?
I want a word with him.
All right.
Hey, Em.
And get Loker over
to a newspaper sharpish.
I want everything that Julie
had on that Anslinger.
Right. You want this...
Oh, yeah, closed.
So, I see you thought you'd
face this head on, did you?
Seeing as it's actually
all my fault, right?
Right, give it your
best shot, then.
Well, we didn't think
that you'd be home.
And...We weren't
trying to...Uh...
Excuse me for feeling comfortable
enough in my own home
to be with my boyfriend,
who...
Who...Who...
Loves her very much.
And in the third
person singular, too.
Cal: Hey!
He got away.
Those two cops
weren't even close
to catching him.
Foamy enough for you?
It's a little too much,
now that you mention it.
Emily's lost her virginity.
Lost it?
Well, misplaced it, you know.
Lost works,
but how do you know?
I need your help on this one.
What about her mother?
Oh, God, no.
I haven't... it's the
professional ear that I need.
Oh, no. Sit down.
Not you, son.
Hop it, Dick... uh, Rick.
I need to have a little
chat with Emily, you know?
Talk to you later, Em?
Not before you
talk to me first, son.
Oh...
Have we got any
food in the house or...
I did the grocery
shopping yesterday,
if that's what you mean.
Ok, 'cause Foster's coming by.
We're gonna have a little
bit of dinner later.
We're gonna talk about
all of this then.
You dragged her into this?
So no beans on toast,
all right?
♪ Love you ♪
Don't forget that bit.
I hired a hit man
to kill Stephen Cook?
The way you just said Cook's name,
you could have been talking about...
a dog turd.
That's because he wants to
turn the city's projects
into a yuppie, latte-drinking,
pedestrianized theme park.
Look, I'm far from a good man,
but I'm no murderer.
And if I wanted to stop him, I would
have gotten it done a long time ago.
An envelope was taken from Julie
Kinell when she was murdered.
Search me. No,
I'm serious. Go ahead.
Have your FBI buddies come up
here with their fine-tooth combs.
Hell, have 'em go to
my house, why don't you?
But in the meantime, I have an
early start in the morning.
I have to go scam
a state senator at golf,
and I like to hit
a bucket of balls
the night before a big game.
You know, I may not have
cared for your friend
for reasons you well know,
I do, however, sympathize
with your loss.
So don't take it
out on me, sir.
I've read your books.
Well, if I'm really
honest, I've had some
of my overeducated
young persons scan them
and give me the headlines.
So now I let you take my
temperature, check my pulse.
Did I kill your friend?
Or have I in my possession
this mystery envelope
with God only knows
what garbage?
Evidence you hired an ex-con
to try and kill Stephen Cook.
You satisfied,
Dr. Lightman?
The FBI are not my buddies.
It's a business arrangement.
Foster: So what exactly are
you trying to achieve, Cal?
I mean, she's 17 years old.
You should have had a conversation
with her when she was, like, 15.
My dad talked to me
when I was 14.
Give us your bag.
Why?
Where's that thing
I gave you last week?
[Footsteps]
Woman: Aah! Aah!
[Groaning]
What are you doing in my house?
Where's my daughter?
Emily!
We're looking for
a murder suspect.
Emily!
What, so you just
break into his house?
That crazy son of a bitch!
Ohh!
We wanted to talk to
Dr. Lightman some more.
Door was open. Lights were out.
We were of course concerned.
Oh, the door was open, was it?
What I said.
Yeah, as you lie
through your teeth.
File a complaint.
2 cops looking
for a murder suspect
enter a house where they think
the occupants are in danger.
Good luck with that.
[Door opens]
Where the bloody hell you been?
At the store.
I forgot the oregano.
Right. When you left,
did you leave the door open?
No, I wouldn't do that.
Right. You see that?
You see that?
That was the truth, that was.
So you was looking
for something, were you?
An envelope?
Foster: The contents of which
could put your councilman friend
behind bars for life.
Excuse me.
How do you figure that?
Apart from the look
on your face, you mean?
And the raise in
pitch in your voice
from fear to surprise.
Oh, and for your next trick?
We're done here.
Let's go, Wallowski.
I've got your number.
Well, blink,
and you miss it, right?
I mean, you didn't
blink, did you?
Not even a whisper of denial,
like they got done what
they needed to do.
Convince us that
they work for Anslinger.
This will have to happen
another night, all right?
What was for dinner?
Roast, Emily. To go.
Journalist is murdered, and they just
hand over all their files to you, huh?
You underestimate
the Loker charm.
Or overestimate the cops.
It's the first of 17 boxes.
Want to help?
What?
Just seems a little
too easy is all.
Right. Ok. So it's not like
I did good or anything.
Man:
Agent Reynolds?
Miss Torres.
Mr. Cook sends
his regards,
but regrets that at this
time he's unavailable.
Mister...
Ford. Harry.
Mr. Cook can't make
time for the FBI?
A little over a week ago,
Mr. Cook was woken up
in the middle of the night
by a recently released
convicted murderer
who was sticking a gun in his mouth.
You understand?
He has good reason
to believe there is
a specific and imminent
threat to his life.
You mean councilman Anslinger.
I didn't say that.
No disrespect, Harry, but actually you did...
With your face.
If Mr. Cook is serious about
eliminating this threat to his life,
we're gonna need
his help. In person.
He even in town?
Look, I'm not at liberty to...
he's in town.
Oh. In the building.
Well, we'd really
appreciate his help,
and I think he'd
appreciate ours.
You see that leather
couch out there?
Top dollar I paid for that
to keep people
like you comfortable
while they're waiting.
We have an urgent situation
we'd like you to look into.
A civil war reenactor on federal
land was just found dead.
Really?
That's fascinating, this,
but I'm a little
busy right now.
You're trampling all over
an ongoing investigation
involving multiple
undercover agents
and thousands of man hours.
Which my friend got
caught in the middle of
and then ended up dead.
So where was all your
man hours then, eh?
You'll accompany Agent
Reynolds to Fredericksburg.
Don't, and your relationship
with the bureau's over.
Let me ask you something.
2 years ago,
when you flagged him
in that security
clearance interview,
that was based on a genuine
scientific reading, right?
You know, sometimes, Ben...
It's just a feeling.
A feeling.
[Cell phone rings]
Yeah.
[Ring]
Yep.
Yeah, I know it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'll be there.
Send me a post card
from Fredericksburg!
[Indistinct announcement
over P.A.]
Man: Making stops at
Charlottesville, Greenboro,
Atlanta, Birmingham, and ...
Woman: Oh!
Is he all right?
Reynolds: Move! Move!
Watch it! Watch it!
FBI!
Uhh! Ohh!
[People screaming]
Uhh!
Why'd you follow me here,
you bloody idiot?
[Police radio]
You made him wear a wire?
You didn't like the look of me.
I'm going to the hospital.
Are you coming?
Now you think I'm on the
councilman's payroll,
or is that just a feeling, too?
Now I remember you.
You could never answer a simple
question with a simple answer.
Ask the question.
Go ahead. Right now.
It's too late for that, mate.
Why?
Just got personal between us.
Whose fault is that?
A wire?
Is that even legal?
Reynolds chose
to wear that wire.
I didn't order him to do it.
He wanted to prove that your beef
with me was based in science...
science that you believed
in, right or wrong,
that it was nothing
more than that
before I suspended
your FBI contract
and opened an investigation
into your entire life.
I'll let you know how it
went from the hospital.
You hear about Reynolds?
Yeah. Figure the best
thing I could do for him
is just stay on top of this.
Are you ok?
Hey. How is he doing?
Lightman: He's hanging on
by a thread.
Loker:
Is that what they said?
Not in so many words, no.
He's in surgery.
Reynolds is a fighter.
Was this your fault?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to...
that came out wrong.
Dillon: Is there anything in
Kinell's research I should see?
Not if the FBI is
as good as she was.
What about Cook?
I don't think he's gonna
show his face anywhere
until he believes this threat to
his life has been dealt with.
He's here.
Eh?
Mr. Cook. Sorry.
Should have knocked.
He just got here.
Uh, right, Anna, call
Foster at the hospital.
I want her ear
for this one. Wait!
Stall Cook.
We'll do this in the lab.
All right, Bernard,
you're in here, mate.
Make out like you're going to
interview him or something.
Why?
Because you're going
to interview him or something.
You do want to verify the story
that Hackman shoved the gun
in his mouth, don't you?
You don't believe that?
Well, I don't really believe
anything I've been told so far.
You know, it's all been
just a bit convenient.
Or hadn't you noticed?
Anger.
Happiness.
Tonya harding.
Ha.
And here she is.
Dr. Foster,
Mr. Cook.
Hey.
Hi.
How's Agent Reynolds?
He's in the best
possible hands.
Thanks, Anna.
Very impressive.
What are you doing down
this way, Stephen?
I'm told that the FBI
agent who was shot today
is the same agent who came
by my offices last night
asking for my help.
What's that about?
Fear.
No, that was sadness.
That's more where that landed.
Why not build your mall somewhere
else, in another city?
I was born and raised
in Baltimore.
The city's been going
to the dogs for years.
I'm doing something about it,
as I break down the walls of
corruption that that man has built.
You knew that man.
In a manner of speaking.
I think you know the story.
Did you know about
an envelope of evidence
that he had against Anslinger?
Envelope?
You should really see
your eyebrows right now.
Ha ha! Ok, you got me.
I know.
I have my sources.
Is it the cops? The FBI?
Not the FBI, I mean, not so far as
special Agent Dillon is aware of anyway.
So what, did the cops tell you
about the envelope, did they?
Have you searched
Anslinger's office,
his house, his condo?
Oh, you just scared the
pants off my mate Bernard.
You know, Julie Kinell
knew about that, too,
about Anslinger's condo,
his secret fornicatorium
at the harbor.
That's where he went to
fornicate with hookers.
I think Anslinger's got something
personal against Mr. Cook here.
You gotta find that
for me, will you?
I'm not even gonna ask why you
failed to mention the condo.
For all I know, you're getting a
slice of action off the hookers.
Oh?
And then some.
I think we're finally getting
on the same page, you and I.
I'll start with what
is hiding in that condo.
What if there isn't anything?
There is.
What if it has nothing to do
with the murder of your friend?
[Monitor beeping]
How come you never
told me about Julie?
[Staff talking indistinctly]
Well, there's nothing
much to tell, really.
I've been watching you
grieve for your friend
for the last 36 hours.
Well, she wanted to be a little
bit more than a friend, you know.
Know what I mean?
I'm sorry.
All right.
Will you make sure
Cook's there, too?
Ok.
Anslinger: I want it on record
that I'm here on my own free will.
Foster: This isn't a court
or a police station.
There is no record.
And no right to remain silent.
Well, it would be a bit
of a waste of time,
coming all the way down here of your
own free will just to remain silent.
You had the FBI search
my offices and my house.
And your condo.
Don't forget your condo.
What did Loker
call it again? The...
Fornicatorium at the harbor.
Ok, my private life
has nothing to do with...
let's talk about the 14th
amendment for a sec, shall we?
Referring to
the right to privacy.
Even more of a gray area
in there.
Want me to explain?
[Door opens]
Hey, guys. The FBI found something
in the councilman's condo.
Oh. Let me guess.
Uh, sex toys?
Oh, something worse.
Much worse, right?
Something bad.
Something naughty.
Yeah. Perverted.
I can't wait.
A shredder?
The agents who did the
search are waiting outside
if you want to talk to them.
So am I supposed to
unshred all of this?
Don't you have FBI
people who, like,
this is what they do all day?
Hi.
Haven't you got bodyguards or
something out there, Stephen?
The only protection worth paying
for is the kind you can't see.
You do know that the councilman's
here, though, right?
That's why I'm here.
Thank you so much for coming back.
Right this way.
Guess who owns the paper
Julie Kinell worked for.
Did you manage to
find that personal link
between those 2 men that
I asked you for earlier?
Oh, I'm sorry.
You were waiting for some kind
of high five thing, were you?
I'd start with Anslinger's
time as a cop, if I were you.
Follow me, Bernard.
Huh!
What is this place?
This is where we do
some of our best work.
Is this really necessary?
Well, you wanted
your pound of flesh, right?
Right. I want
a good dirty fight.
Plenty of hits below the belt,
you know, the more the merrier.
You hired that ex-con
to kill me.
Why would I do that?
They found the evidence
in your condo,
the one where
you take your whores.
Oh, that was a gear shift.
Evidence?
What evidence?
[Door buzzes]
Right.
He has absolutely no idea
what they found in his condo.
So, go on, tell him.
Go on.
A shredder.
They found a shredder.
You see that?
That was relief that was.
Right.
What about the whips
and the gas masks,
the size 11 stiletto pumps?
Yeah? Right.
That was shame.
I mean, that's what
he was hiding in the condo,
not a bloody shredder.
I don't even own a shredder.
True enough.
Is your blood starting
to boil a little bit?
Excuse me? For what?
You had everything
point at him.
It made perfect sense.
Ex-cop, politician hires
ex-con to kill rival.
I'm a businessman,
not a rival politician.
You're a billionaire, mate.
I mean, it's the only
power that matters.
How much did you
pay those 2 detectives?
pay Hackman to kill Julie?
I didn't come here to
be spoken to like this.
[Turns handle] Open the door.
It was a very clever move,
having Hackman tell me
that he killed Julie up front.
That's hiding the
truth within the truth,
and that's very tricky.
You had me going for a bit.
Now, the envelope
was just bait, right,
to get Julie in the hotel room
where you had Hackman kill her?
You even sent us to his condo,
where you planted a shredder.
Open the door.
You own the newspaper
Julie worked for.
You made it look like
he had her killed.
You did the same with Hackman.
Almost killing another friend of
mine in the process, by the way.
For what reason,
some kind of rivalry?
You already said
I have all the power I need.
Let's talk about this
for a minute.
It's a Baltimore DUI
that you got from
him 20 years ago.
This isn't just
about a ticket, is it?
This is about something else.
You're that guy?
This is about that?
This is about her... what's-her-name?
She couldn't wait
to be with a real man.
She just needed me to show her.
We were gonna be married.
She was my whole life.
She was the passenger in your car
which you were driving drunk.
I wasn't drunk!
Oh, I think you remember
this like it was yesterday.
You'd had a few, right?
He thought it would be
fun to arrest my fiancee
on some fictional
prostitution allegations.
He insults her, gropes her, cuffs
her, then he takes her away.
What did you do about it, eh?
Eh?
Nothing.
Sod all.
What did you do with
the fiancee after?
I took her home.
We dated for a while.
It was good while it lasted.
Shut up.
Am I proud of it?
If I had my life to do over,
would I do it again?
Uhh!
[Pounding on door]
Dillon: Open the door,
Lightman!
You see that?
Do you ever read any of my
friend Julie's work, eh?
Eh?
Have you got any idea what sort
of woman is it you killed?
[Pounding on door]
Dillon: Open the door,
Lightman.
This is a woman that went off to
Iraq during the shock and awe show
and refused to
imbed with the troops.
[Pounding on door]
Dillon: Lightman,
this has gone too far!
I mean, it just doesn't
happen anymore.
Dillon: Lightman,
this ends now!
Let him go, councilman.
It's over.
[Coughing]
And you call yourself a man?
That's what she said, eh?
Your fiancee?
Get him out of
my sight, Bernard.
A billionaire.
The only power that matters?
Not in my town.
That's all about you, that is.
I think you know full well I'm not
gonna let Julie's work go to waste.
So...
You and I...
We're gonna get to
know each other very well.
There's something you got
to understand, right, Em?
I was Rick's age once, right?
Look, give me a break,
all right?
'Cause I'm making this
up as I go along, right?
So just give me a break.
Ok.
All right.
My point is...
That he can't control himself.
It's not possible.
You might think that he is
the most amazing bloke that
you've ever met in your life,
and you may be right.
But I'm telling you for a fact,
that...
Rick, along with every other
teenage boy out there,
is gonna promise you
just about anything.
I mean, he's willing
to say almost anything...
to get in my pants?
This is not a joke.
Em, this is not a joke.
Rick and I never
actually did it, dad.
But you said... "this is just sex.
" You said that.
You said, "dad,
this is just sex."
I was mad at you.
So...That's
the good news.
What's the bad news, then, Em?
2 boyfriends ago.
Really?
You ok?
No.
I mean, yeah, you know.
But not really.
Come here.
You know why I trust you.
Yeah, 'cause you're smart.
And you're a great dad,
and what other
choice do you have?
Yeah.
Come here, Em.
Sync by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org